[DOCS-4118] adding synthetic tests info to incident management (#25344)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/declare.md

{{< img src="service_management/incidents/from-a-graph.png" alt="Create in incident from a graph" style="width:80%;">}}

## From a Synthetic test

> Create incidents directly from your [Synthetic tests page][8] from the Actions dropdown. Select **Declare incident** to open an incident creation modal, where a summary of the test is added to your incident timeline, allowing you to pursue the investigation from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create incidents directly from a [Synthetic test][8] through the **Actions** dropdown. Select **Declare incident** to open an incident creation modal, where a summary of the test is added to your incident timeline, allowing you to pursue the investigation from there.
```

> {{< img src="service_management/incidents/declare/synthetics_declare_incident.png" alt="Declare an incident from a Synthetic test." style="width:90%;" >}}

Reviewer: This is a personal preference, but I like to show the entire width of a page so that a user can see where the button is, and on what page they should be. Since the link is for the list of Synthetics tests and not a specific synthetic test, it might be worth showing the full width of a synthetic test page.
